Now let's also work on these and the media sexy library and add new are basically they are already accessible
or during the post creation so this author whenever he goes to quit post.
He has access to the media so he can upload a new one.
Let's try promoting a new one.
It's a press release from.
I so you can see, I think in upload media, single media or just multiple medias.
Yeah.
So that works for already.
However, we also want it to appear here nice and easy.
Right.
So let's let's work on that as well.
So that should be very straightforward.
We had to have that for his admin media.
So we have the these bases, so we should be able to just use them.
Right.
So.
Let's try creating a similar structure for Arthur.
It's called a new folder media.
And here, create a new file.
Libraries, churches and new churches.
So let's start from the library.
I'm just going to copy code from admin library to be very seamless.
Copy.
I'll come back here.
Based here.
This is the layout.
Add me now.
Come on.
If Brian and me loud triplets.
We are too loud.
Don and Cindy, the component name for an all.
All right.
Same here.
Done.
So that's for.
The library and its school and do the same for a new it's good admin media and new.
Scorpion on the court.
Come back to Autumn Media.
New beasts called.
Since the lyrics of Command F.
Something happened.
It surprised me and mean I'm down to earth.
And now it turns out that.
And I think we can leave the name read it is there.
We may want to pass the piece.
Props again here.
But let's let's really have a look at it first.
Let's see.
So this is the offer currently, not Denise's offer.
And he had access to library.
Beautiful.
He has access to uploaded new images as well.
Also.
So here am for library and new bullets.
Let's pass the base probe based probe.
So whenever it is used in the also a directory we want to redirect the user to.
All right, so let's do the same here.
So let's go to upload five.
Now, just have a look at it first.
So we have the function and once the upload is successfully, you can see we are redirecting to admin
less media.
So this will not change.
This will be dynamic based on the props.
So for fun.
Is it good to default value?
We admit, but if we receive the offer, a different value here that can be used as a base.
Let's use that.
So we use base here.
So let me just got put inside back to admin.
I said, you know that face.
So whether it's ortho, I mean, that's where they get redirected.
So that's for upload file.
Let's work on the media library as well.
So we need a library also we use is admin really the default value?
Let mean make sure.
Yes, that's right.
So everything's a different value.
Come down here.
Redirect.
So let's face media.
That's face media, that's props sit media.
So in it, we don't have the redirect code here.
Okay.
That's how.
B since it is a library.
So we just leave the user there.
Okay, that's.
That makes sense.
I guess so.
We don't need that.
All right, so let's give it a try.
Let's try adding a new one.
When we upload finished the upload we may get redirected to.
I don't have new images.
They just do this just one more time.
You can see all the media libraries.
So single upload has been done and back to library here.
Okay.
It works.
Now, there's one more thing we need to do here, and that is allowing the user to delete.
Now, if the image has been uploaded by this user, he can delete, but otherwise he can.
Indeed.
But still, we are showing all this again, so maybe we want to hide.
I can't even though we have the the the take in the back end.
So if I tried to delete other users media, it would not work.
But I should be able to delete my.
All right, let me just try.
You can see if I try, I get four three forward in error.
But if I try to do it my own.
That works.
Okay.
So that, you know, it is secure in the back end.
But still, we may want to show only this this icon only on the image that actually belongs to this
author writes this, that's better.
So for that, it's good the library and let's write some conditional rendering for that cross I to this
delete item.
So here close circle out.
And so what I'm going to do is for something to take for the control.
All right, so this is media library.
So we take from the images.
So we have the images.
So we are in the Smith function.
We have access to the image.
So we take in most.
And it is posted by on this Friday.
So if the image is posted by 80 people equals equals currently logged in user.
So it makes sure we have the health context.
We have, you know, we have.
Okay.
So if the image posted by I.D. equals equals equals us don't user.
As usual and disquieting for this to work.
Posted by Adi.
Whenever you were sending the media libraries to, you must have used the populate function in the backend.
I guess that is something we can take.
Just let's finish this first.
If you haven't, then you don't have to access it.
You can just leave it later like that.
That would be the idea.
But I think we have to use the populate.
So let's continue here first.
So images posted by and the logged in.
You decide if that meant then.
We should do it again.
Thank you.
Otherwise, if it is and then also we do this admin will have access to delete.
It doesn't matter if he uploaded or someone else uploaded.
Admin has this super crazy.
Right.
So we are going to.
If.
Oh, if.
Um, actually, by default, we showing this icon for everyone.
Actually we can take for the the default piece valid which is admin.
Right.
So if it's.
Equals, equals, equals.
And then we have the admin that is accessing this library at the time being.
So in that case, again, we can show the item, disclose item.
Otherwise, if none of that is true, then we just don't say anything.
We just saw M district.
Okay.
So here, let me just cut.
Put it here, and then we put it here.
So it's itself beautiful.
So if it means boasted about it in the London news site?
Immensely so.
If it is admin, we show.
Otherwise we don't show the egg.
So come here.
So it looks like we don't have the postman by.
Populated on the media in that case.
We just used that.
I think that will do it because that basically gives us the idea.
I guess that is also not true.
So let me bring back the ad and let me go have a look at the civil response.
So we have all the images.
Feed me media, stress media.
So let me quickly have a look at that in the back.
And it's post media.
We have posted by.
Okay.
So we populate.
We didn't have to do this.
Now that we have done it.
And let me leave it because it doesn't.
It might be some might put it some other issues.
So let's leave it like they did at time.
Let's go back and let's figure out why we don't see it's hiding.
We can go back to library and continue thinking.
Probably instead of 2.8.
Who has that?
Actually, this media library didn't go to Page's author.
Library.
So we were actually going to pass the props before.
So let's pass the props.
This can be very helpful as well.
Let's continue passing with props and media library we have the default is admin.
But we can always use that.
So not just that we cannot take for that test like we did here.
If it is a consequence, it was awful.
And we will do all this to.
Okay.
So we still have this issue.
I think it's time to just do some take it is a good sequence equals.
No.
Jason Stringer.
Five days.
Author also.
Oh, no, it seems to work.
And so looks like it worked with this additional tape.
So that means we can only take four that we didn't have to do this.
Let's know that.
We could do that.
But then let's keep it simple because at the end of the day, we have the security in the back end as
well.
So we can definitely depend on this value.
It's a different value or if it is passed, as I said from the auto directory, then we used it again.
Yeah.
It's nice and it.
So I sat in my bed and seemed to work.
So let's continue using bed.
Let's continue using bed.
And I will actually have a look at that using this in Springfield, because we want to make sure we
don't want to just leave it like this.
It's a living dry tree.
I'm really curious to find out what's condition string if my image is.
So it is called the IED.
Images got posted by I'd seen recently posted by Heidi.
Then amidst the misuse posted by Durbin's side.
So we got that.
Let me try Jason Stream.
Fine.
Let me try it off.
Don't usually use it in this fight.
Yes.
Actually we got those values since these values you.
Should the Mets fall into the triple equal?
Maybe we can draw a double digit.
Negative.
Let's remove that too.
This is definitely very.
So let's just try to double equal and let's try removing this one just to give it a try.
It's you know, this will.
Now that works.
That's for.
So it's the same issue as we had in the Bakken before.
So you could use double equal or you could use different equal, but then you use dot to stream for
here.
And he has routes just so that both types are simple to use the triple equal strict operate.
So let's just continue using double equal and let's use this various.
Awesome.
Finally, one more time.
Let's just reload.
Make sure.
All right.
So that's good.
So on the other.
On the author.
He can delete his own upload, but let's log out in, log in as admin and see how this works for admin.
My computer is running heavy.
It's making a lot of noise.
Might need to give you some rest later.
No admin has access to all the images.
You can delete.
All beautiful.